[Issue #9360] Switch from poetry to uv (#9964)
HHS/simpler-grants-gov: documentation/analytics/testing.md

### Running specific set of tests

To have greater control over which tests are run, you'll need to use `uv run pytest` to access the pytest command line. The following commands show you how to invoke progressively smaller subsets of tests:

- `yv run pytest` Runs all tests automatically collected in [test discovery](https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/goodpractices.html#conventions-for-python-test-discovery)

> - `yv run pytest tests/datasets/` Runs all collected tests in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `uv run pytest` Runs all tests automatically collected in [test discovery](https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/goodpractices.html#conventions-for-python-test-discovery)
- `uv run pytest tests/datasets/` Runs all collected tests in the
```
